all right so this is the 20/20 razor
blade stealth and in many ways I would
consider the student my favorite laptop
on the market right now not just like
gaming laptop but just favorite laptop
period because they do so much right but
because it is such a good product that's
also this wonderful example of what is
wrong with Intel based devices right now
this is like the epitome or like the
poster boy of you know it's so good but
Intel so the way I'm going to do this
video is I'm going to do like a quick
review of it and then I want to talk
about some bigger picture stuff like the
the landscape of laptops right now so
the first thing I want to draw attention
to on this device is the I guess design
and material choices and aesthetics of
it
it is this unibody built device that
just it's just got this wicked look to
it I love it I've always enjoyed the way
that the stealth look I've always
enjoyed razors build quality but this
one in particular like the 13-inch
stealth it's this the moment you pick it
up it's got this great balance to it
it's perfectly balanced like like haul
things should be it's perfectly balanced
in this in this weird way maybe it's
like the the dimensions of it or the I
don't know I'm always drawn to it and
it's hard to portray this in a video
right because you guys are just looking
at it you're not holding it but when you
pick up something like the g4 team from
ACS this is a very popular device also a
great machine but this just doesn't feel
the same you pick up if you had these in
front of you you pick them up like you
just know that this is a it's just it's
got that vibe to it that most people
will appreciate it's got this nice black
like matte black finish to it with that
logo like that snake logo that's not
super obnoxious it's got this you know
two-tone finish to it I like it okay
this machine is super expensive because
of that design aesthetic though right
they can charge this kind of money
because not a lot of laptops are made
like this and they know they have
something that's relatively unique now
the performance this year has been
improved a good amount the cpu wattage
has been bumped up to 25 watts so it can
just hold the turbo boost a little bit
better and the GPU has been upgraded to
the 1650 TI max-q so it's like a
noticeable difference between this
year's model and the previous year's
model in turn
of just the internal components the fan
noise can get somewhat loud if you push
it but it's to be expected it's a laptop
that pushes out respectable performance
the screen this year has also been
upgraded to a 120 Hertz display I don't
even know why I'm showing you this like
you can't see the Hertz here but it's a
faster screen one of the complaints I
had about the previous model was that it
was a 60 Hertz screen right and if
you're playing games faster refresh is
always something that you look for but
I've also noticed that the response time
on the screen isn't great it's not as
slow as the g14 like that say it feels
like a 35 millisecond screen this feels
I want to see like 2025 millisecond I
don't have an oscilloscope to test but
this is not like a 5 or 3 millisecond
screen it's fast in terms of refresh
rate but you may notice some ghosting in
certain games like if you play
competitive shooters you may notice some
ghosting on your targeting reticle so it
depends on the type of game you play and
basically how sensitive you are to this
type of stuff but one thing's for sure
120 Hertz is a heck of a lot better than
60 Hertz when it comes to games in
general ok the keyboard has also been
updated they've fixed the right shift
key this is a keyboard that I am partial
to I've spent a lot of the past few
years typing on razors keyboards like
their laptop keyboards so I really like
this layout and I think most people will
the arrow key cluster is a little bit
different like the up and down arrows
are really small so you have to get used
to it if you're someone that uses arrow
keys for whatever reason the trackpad
I've always liked their track pads they
just do it right the keyboard lighting
is decent it's not like the most vibrant
or brightest keyboard lighting out there
and it also has to be one color like you
can't choose you know individually lit
keys it's got to be one color across the
whole keyboard but it gets the job done
and I actually like how they've done it
in their software these speakers on the
left and right there above average like
they sound actually pretty good ok Oh
ports before we wrap this up there's two
USB a to use b/c the one on the right
supports Thunderbolt 3 and there's a
headphone jack on the left you see how
easy I can spin this thing around
balance ok so inside you have the same
stuff as the previous years you get one
SSD that you can replace one Wi-Fi card
that you can
of course there's only one Wi-Fi well
why would there be two wi-fi's one Wi-Fi
card that you can replace and you get 16
gigs of ram that is baked on so you
can't ever change that or upgrade that
in the future the battery is the same
size of the previous years and I got six
and a half hours on this machine I was
expecting a little bit more because last
year got seven and a half or something a
little bit less than seven half six and
a half I ran that test twice so I don't
know maybe it's the video card I can't
tell you maybe maybe it's Windows to be
completely honest use BC charging
hundred watts
same thing as last year good stuff now
let's talk about the not-so-good stuff
okay how should I do this alright I
think as I said in the earlier part of
the video I think this is like the
perfect example of what is wrong with
Intel based devices right now because
this is such a good machine and if AMD
didn't exist if r aizen's chips didn't
exist on the market this would be a
fantastic laptop expensive but fantastic
so this thing goes for 1,800 bucks I
believe yeah $1,800 for the model with
the the gtx 1650 TI which is a lot of
money now because it's razor and because
this is such a unique product there's
nothing else like this what else was out
there that is a unibody ultrabook with
this type of gaming performance it just
doesn't exist so they can charge
whatever they want as expensive as they
want it to be however there is a very
similar product the G 14 now this
machine came out I don't know two three
months ago and it is similar in size
clearly it's bigger right it's not
exactly the same size but it's it's a
it's a comparable machine in terms of
what they're going for these are both
small portable gaming devices this
machine I believe costs 1500 for an 8
core CPU with an RT X 2060 versus the
$1,800 stealth with its four core CPU
and it's weaker GPU and I get it they're
completely different classes of machine
right the stealth is thinner smaller
lighter and it's better built than the G
14 but you can't help but compare the
two because they're both going for that
same like portable gaming setup okay the
reason why I called this the stealth
like the poster boy what's wrong with
Intel stuff right now is because on a
small ultrabook like this that is as
well built and as perfectly like
engineered as it is aside from its CPU
the the problem with the CPU just it
sticks out it sticks out really hard as
being its weakest point because if this
thing had an AMD chip in it I would be
recommending this thing like crazy this
would be like hey guys go get this right
now it's a little bit more expensive
than the other stuff out there but it is
so good but I'm not I can't write
because it's it's not AMD and that has
always been the problem with AMD's chips
this year as good as they are it's like
everybody loves am DS rise and stuff
it's awesome but no one seems to be
using it other than the g14 everyone
else is just sticking with Intel and
it's a shame it's like you see this
stuff and you want it to be awesome cuz
it is awesome but it doesn't have AMD in
it okay so there you have it do I
recommend this device kind of if you
don't care about multi-core performance
and you just want a very portable gaming
device it's pretty good it's expensive
but it's pretty good it's just this
would be a very very different
conversation if it was packing some AMD
in it all right razor you got to open
the doors to AMD right right okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs be
liked it subs have you loved it I'll see
you guys next time
[Music]